Section 1 -taught by Pat Domingo

Received a high level overview of IT policies and standards training.
Tasked with doing IT policy and standard assignment.
    Policies: overarching, high level organizational summary
    Standards: outline how to do something - configurations, set of instructions on how to comply with "deliverables"
Part of security stand up meetings

Understanding Third-party assessments
Rough draft of checklist:
  scoping questionaire
  scorecard
  items we request (HITRUST/SOC2/ISO)
  analyzing info
  followup questions
  documenting info on G: drive
  documenting assessment on vendor worksheet portal
  adding info to JIRA
  maybe even JAEDR - peripheral convo, not a requirement
  
  Data Security Addendedum - sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which Sensitive University Data 
  will be protected by the Selected Firm/Vendor during the term of the Parties' Contract and after its termination.
  Road map - align to NYU's Roadmap/business needs - Armondo
  
Personally Identifiable Information, or PII, is a general term that is used to describe any form of sensitive data that could be used 
to identify or contact an individual. 
This term is not related to HIPAA and is not regulated by any one entity or in any one industry like PHI is. 

Protected Health Information, or PHI, is any medical information that can potentially identify an individual, that was created, 
used or disclosed in the course of providing healthcare services, whether it was a diagnosis or treatment.  

PHI can include information about: 

The past, present, or future physical health or condition of an individual 
Healthcare services rendered to an individual 
Past, present, or future payment for the healthcare services rendered to an individual, along with any of the identifiers shown below. 

The HIPAA Privacy Rule defines 18 identifiers that make health information PHI under HIPAA:

https://healthitsecurity.com/news/key-differences-between-phi-and-pii-how-they-impact-hipaa-compliance#:~:text=Protected%20health%20information%20is%20a,future%20physical%20or%20mental%20health.




Section 2 - Joel Herbet-Edwards

IT Sec-Cybersecurity 101 -Learned discover what you can be doing to protect yourself at home and at the Medical Center.
Learn how attackers mine for data, profile their victims, lure victims into their traps, and ultimately steal user information. 
Understand the tools at your fingertips...

Intro to Phishing - Meeting to show how cybercriminals attempt to steal secure information or install malicious code.

To-Do -List

Create or Draft a standard
Meet SME to discuss what is required, why do we need this standard
Determine steps - record importatnt information - additional information. 

My Standard - Loaner Laptop Build Configuration Standard reference ITP-15 series
Come up with powerpoint for cybersecurity awareness 2022 - ideas recorded on sharepoint
Help security team with Jira issues



Section 3 Vulnerability Management

Tools- InsightVM/On-premise

















